[Music]
I was one of those kids that every time
I got in the car I basically had to roll
down the window it was usually too hot
too stuffy or just too smelly and my
father would not let us use the
air-conditioner he said that it would
overheat the engine and you might
remember some of you how the cars were
back then and it was a common problem of
overheating but it was also the signal
that capped the use or overuse of energy
consuming devices things have changed
now we have cars that we take across
country we blast the air-conditioning
the entire way and we never experience
overheating so there's no more signal
for us to tell us to stop great right
well we have similar problems in
buildings in the past before
air-conditioning we had thick walls the
thick walls are great for insulation it
keeps the interior very cool during the
summer time and warmth in the wintertime
and the small windows were also very
good because it limited the amount of
temperature transfer between the
interior and exterior then in about the
1930s with the advent of plate glass
rolled steel and mass production we were
able to make floor-to-ceiling windows
and unobstructed views and with that
came the irreversible reliance on
mechanical air conditioning to cool our
solar heated spaces over time the
building's got taller and bigger our
engineering even better so that the
mechanical systems were massive they
require a huge amount of energy they
give off a lot of heat into the
atmosphere and for some of you may
understand the heat island effect in
cities where the urban areas are much
more warm than the adjacent rural areas
but we also have problems that when we
lose power we can't open a window here
and so the buildings are uninhabitable
and have to remain vacant until that
air-conditioning system can start up
again even worse with our intention of
trying to make buildings move towards
the Net Zero
a state we we can't do it just by making
mechanical systems more and more
efficient we need to look for something
else and we've gotten ourselves a little
bit into a rut so what do we do here how
do we pull out sus and dig us out of
this hole that we've dug if we look at
biology and many of you probably don't
know I was a biology major before I went
into architecture the human skin is the
organ that naturally regulates the
temperature in the body and it's a
fantastic thing that's the first line of
defense for the body it has pores it has
sweat glands it has all these things
that work together very dynamically and
very efficiently and so what I propose
is that our building skins should be
more similar to human skin and by doing
so can be much more dynamic responsive
and and differentiated depending on
where it is and this gets me back to my
research what I proposed first doing is
looking at a different material palette
to do that I presently or currently work
with smart materials and a smart thermal
my metal first of all I guess we call it
smart because it requires no controls
and it requires no energy and that's a
very big deal for architecture what it
is it's a lamination of two different
metals together you can see that here by
the different reflection on the side and
because it has two different
coefficients of expansion when heated
one side will expand faster than the
other and result in a curling action so
an early prototypes I built these
surfaces to try to see how the curl
would react to temperature and possibly
allow air to ventilate through the
system and in other prototypes did
surfaces where the multiplicity of
having these strips together can try to
make bigger movement happen when also
heated and currently have this
installation at the materials in
application gallery and Silverlake close
by and it's there till August if you
want to see it it's called bloom and the
surface is made completely out of thermo
by metal and its intention is to make
this canopy that does two things one is
this it's a Sun shading device so that
when the Sun hits the surface it it can
the amount of Sun passing through and in
other areas it's a ventilating system so
that hot trapped air underneath can
actually move through and out when
necessary you can see here in this
time-lapse video that the Sun as it
moves across the surface as well as the
shade each of the tiles move
individually keep in mind with the
digital technology that we have today
this thing was made out of about 14,000
pieces and there's no two pieces alike
at all every single one is different and
the great thing with that is the fact
that we can calibrate each one to be
very very specific to its location to
the angle of the Sun and also how the
thing actually curls so this kind of
group of concept project has a lot of
implications to actual future
application and architecture and in this
case here you see a house that's for a
developer in China and it's actually a
four-story glass box it's still with
that glass box as we still want that
that visual access but now it's sheath
with this thermo by metal layer it's a
screen that goes around it and that
layer can actually open and close as
that Sun moves around on that surface in
addition to that it can also screen
areas for privacy so that it could
differentiate from some of the public
areas in the space during different
times a day and what it basically
implies is that in houses now we don't
need drapes or shutters or blinds
anymore because we can choose the
building with these things as well as
control the amount of air conditioning
you need inside that building I'm also
looking at trying to develop some
building components for the market and
so here you see a pretty typical double
glazed window panel and in that panel
between those two pieces of glass that
double glazing I'm trying to work on
making a thermo bi-metal pattern system
so that when the Sun hits that outside
layer and heats that interior cavity
that thermal bi-metal will begin to curl
and what actually will happen then is
it'll start to block out the Sun in
certain areas of the building and
totally if necessary and so you can
imagine even in this out
Kayson that in a high-rise building
where the panel systems go from floor to
floor up to 30 40 floors the entire
surface could be differentiated
different times a day depending on how
that Sun moves across and hits that
surface and these are some later studies
that are working on right now that are
on the boards where you can see in the
bottom right hand corner with the red
that some actually smaller pieces of
thermal matter and it's actually going
to we're trying to make it move like
cilia or eyelashes there's last project
is also a components it's the the
influence and if you have noticed one of
my Spears up influences biology is from
grasshopper and grasshoppers have a
different kind of breathing system they
breathe through holes in their sides
called spiracles and they bring the air
through and it moves through their
system to cool them down and so in this
project I'm trying to look at how we can
consider that in architecture to how we
can bring air through holes in the sides
of a building and so you see here some
early studies of blocks where those
holes are actually coming through and
this is before the thermo bi-metal is
applied and this is after the bi-metal
is applied it's sorry it's a little hard
to see but on the surfaces you can see
these red arrows on the left it's one
that's cold and the thermo metal is flat
so it will constrict air from passing
through the blocks and on the right that
they're mobile by mental curls and
allows that air to pass through so those
are two different components that I'm
working on and again it's a completely
different thing is you can imagine that
air could potentially be coming through
the walls instead of opening windows so
I want to leave you with one last
impression about the project or this
this kind of work and using smart
materials when you're tired of opening
and closing those blinds day after day
when you're on vacation and there's no
one there on the weekends to be turning
off and on the controls or when there's
a power outage and you have no
electricity to rely on these thermal
bimetals will still be working
tirelessly efficiently and endlessly
thank you
you
[Applause]